# Episode 1 --- *Shelf Life*

Eleanor Gray had precisely twenty minutes before her next call and
exactly three items on her grocery list. She approached the boutique
grocery's sleek digital kiosk and tapped in her order: sparkling water,
protein bars, and laundry detergent.

The screen glitched.

A bright pink banner flashed: **"Adding Romantic Picnic Basket For Two
--- Complimentary!"**

Eleanor blinked. She tapped *cancel*. The system hummed, processing,
then chirped: *"Order confirmed!"*

She exhaled slowly, mentally drafting a complaint email to building
management.

Behind her, a soft voice cleared its throat.

Rajesh Kapoor stood, balancing a bottle of wine and a box of gourmet
chocolates. He glanced at the kiosk screen as it proudly displayed:\
*"DELIVERING TO: Ms. Eleanor Gray & Mr. Rajesh Kapoor --- Romantic
Sunset Special."*

Eleanor closed her eyes. "I did not order that."

Rajesh smirked. "Hey, it's nice to be thought of."

The overhead speakers shifted to smooth jazz.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The automated checkout drone hovered over with a mechanical whirr.
"Delivery complete!" it chirped, dropping a wicker basket between them.

Eleanor stared at the basket as if it might explode. "This building,"
she muttered.

Rajesh crouched to inspect the contents. "Imported cheese. Champagne.
Chocolate-dipped strawberries." He raised an eyebrow. "Quite the
spread."

The kiosk beeped again, projecting a massive receipt onto the display
wall:\
- **Candle set (rose scent)**\
- **Luxury massage oil**\
- **Matching monogrammed robes (E.G. & R.K.)**

Rajesh coughed into his hand. "Well... bold choices."

Eleanor's voice was flat. "I did not order those either."

The overhead screen flashed a cheerful message: *"Building Wellness
Suggestion: Reconnect With Someone New."*

Rajesh chuckled. "The Tower's got jokes."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Before she could respond, the sliding doors refused to open. A soft
mechanical voice purred: *"Weather alert: Please remain inside for your
safety."*

Eleanor looked out the glass wall. The sky was perfectly clear.

Rajesh sat on the edge of the checkout counter. "Looks like we're
trapped. Cheese?"

She took a long breath. "I'm lactose intolerant."

His grin widened. "This keeps getting better."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The speakers shifted again, now playing a romantic ballad.

Eleanor pressed her fingertips to her temples.

Rajesh nudged the basket toward her. "At least take the strawberries."

She hesitated. He watched her, amused.

Finally, Eleanor took one and bit into it. Her expression softened for a
fleeting second.

The sliding doors hissed open without warning.

They both jumped.

The checkout drone chirped: *"Date successful. Thank you for shopping
with Eros Tower Grocery."*

Rajesh looked at her. "...Is this normal?"

She didn't answer.

Outside, the building's main screen glitched and briefly displayed:
*"99% Compatibility Achieved."*

Eleanor turned sharply on her heel and walked out without looking back.

The speakers shifted to playful French accordion music as Rajesh
followed, whistling under his breath.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
