# Episode 0 --- *The Glitch*

Avery Chen stared at her bathroom mirror, toothbrush halfway to her
mouth. For a moment, the display glitched from the usual weather
forecast to a looping slideshow of wedding cake designs. Elaborate
tiered confections spun slowly, decorated with lace piping and tiny
figurines holding hands.

She blinked.

The mirror flickered, coughed up a brief "Congratulations!" banner in
pink script, then reverted to the day's humidity reading.

Avery spat toothpaste into the sink.\
"Yeah, okay." She wiped her mouth, shaking her head. The building's
smart features had been weird lately, but this? This was a new level of
glitchy.

When she opened her front door, she nearly tripped over a neatly wrapped
package on the doormat. She picked it up and read the label: *Suite
1202*. Her apartment. The package had clearly been meant for her,
except... the return address tag was printed with the initials **J.M.**

Inside the box: two plush, monogrammed towels. White. Embroidered in
swirling navy thread.\
**J.M.**

"Oh no."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Down in the lobby, Javier Mendoza glanced up from his phone as the
elevator chimed open and then immediately closed, empty. The floor
indicator blinked from 12 to L, then back to 12, before settling on a
small animated loading wheel.

He muttered under his breath. "Fancy tech building, they said."

He pressed the button again. The elevator doors slid open ---
half-heartedly, with a soft mechanical sigh --- revealing a small
cardboard box resting neatly in the center of the floor.

The box was sealed with printed tape reading **'Luxury Linens: J.M.
Collection'**. He stared at it.

"Not mine."

The elevator doors attempted to close but bounced back open. He sighed,
picked up the box, and got in.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

On floor twelve, Avery clutched the towel box in both hands and stepped
into the elevator just as it tried to leave. The doors shuddered, then
trapped them both inside with a soft ding.

Jazz music began to play.

They both looked at the panel display. It showed a rotating heart emoji.

Javier broke first. "Okay, not me."

Avery hugged the box closer. "This building's haunted."

"Haunted by what, Bed Bath & Beyond?"

She couldn't help but laugh, a nervous, startled sound. The elevator
jerked slightly, and the music changed --- now it was something French
and romantic, strings swelling dramatically.

Avery blinked at the towels in her hands. Slowly, she turned the box to
face Javier.\
"These... showed up at my door."

Rajesh read the initials. His expression turned suspicious. "J.M."

"I didn't order them," she insisted.

"Are you saying you found these... with my initials... outside your
apartment?"

"I have no idea why!"

The elevator display, utterly unhelpful, blinked: *ðŸ’˜*

They both glared at the ceiling speaker.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A few long, awkward seconds passed in silence.

Finally, Avery exhaled, shoulders slumping. "I swear I didn't steal your
towels."

"I believe you."

The lights flickered. The elevator resumed its descent, then stopped on
an unlit floor. The doors slid open into darkness.

On the floor, between them, sat another identical towel --- this one
perfectly folded, with a small envelope tucked beneath it.

They both stepped back.

A chime echoed softly: *"Surprise delivery."*

Javier's voice was barely above a whisper. "I think we should never talk
about this again."

Avery nodded quickly.

The doors closed. Neither of them pressed a button.

The elevator hummed, cheerful and oblivious.
